# Containers - DoorDasher's Demise
 > Continue your Advent of Cyber journey and learn about container security.

## Task 1 -> Introduction
  > It seemed as the sun rose this morning, it had already been decided that today would be another day of chaos in Wareville. At least that’s the feeling all the folks at “DoorDasher” got. DoorDasher is Warevilles local food delivery site, a favourite of the workers in The Best Festival Company, especially on long days when they get home from work and just can’t bring themself to make dinner. We’ve all been there, I’m sure.

> Well, one Wareville resident was feeling particularly tired this morning and so decided to order breakfast. Only to find King Malhare and his bandit bunny battalions had seized control of yet another festive favourite. DoorDasher had been completely rebranded as Hopperoo. All of the ware’s favourite dishes had been changed as well. Reports started flooding into the DoorDasher call centre. And not just from customers. The health and safety food org was on the line too, utterly panicked. Apparently, multiple Wareville residents were choking on what turned out to be fragments of Santa’s beard. Wareville authorities were left tangled in confusion today as Hopperoo faced mounting backlash over reports of “culinary impersonation.” Customers across the region claim to have been served what appears to be authentic strands of Santa’s beard in place of traditional noodles.

> A spokesperson for the Health & Safety Food Bureau confirmed that several diners required “gentle untangling” and one incident involved a customer “achieving accidental facial hair synchronisation.”
> Immediately, one of the security engineers managed to log on and make a script that would restore DoorDasher to its original state, but just before he was able to run it, Sir CarrotBaine caught wind of his attempt and locked him out of the system. All was lost, until the SOC team realised they still had access to the system via their monitoring pod, an uptime checker for the site. Your job? As a SOC team member of DoorDasher, can you escape the container and escalate your privileges so you can finish what your team started and save the site! 
